docs: react native guide (#7166)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/guides/2.alokai-essentials/2.alokai-react-native/4.install-sdk.md

---
title: Install Alokai SDK
layout: default
navigation:
  icon: tabler:number-3-small
---

# Install and Configure Alokai SDK

In the last sections, we have configured Alokai React Native project and installed the Alokai Middleware. In this section, we will install and configure the Alokai SDK.

> The Alokai SDK and Alokai Middleware together called Alokai Connect. Both SDK and Middleware are used in tandem to connect the Alokai frontend with the backend. SDK is responsible for establishing the connection with the Middleware, while Middleware is responsible to orchestrate the communication with the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Alokai SDK and Alokai Middleware together called Alokai Connect. Together, they allow your frontend to interact with your SAP Backend via the middleware. The SDK is responsible for establishing the connection with the Middleware, while Middleware is responsible to orchestrate the communication with the backend.

By using the SDK, we can have full-stack type-safety and also have predefined ways to customize data fetching.
```

Before we begin, we need to install the `@vsf-enterprise/sapcc-api` package. This is the same package that we have installed in the `storefront-middleware` application. This package allows us to get the `Endpoints` type, which is used to define the API endpoints for SAP Commerce Cloud.

```bash
yarn add @vsf-enterprise/sapcc-api
```

Create a new directory in the `storefront-react-native` directory called `sdk`. Inside the `sdk` directory, create a new file named `sdk.config.ts` and add the following code:

```typescript
import { initSDK, buildModule, middlewareModule } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";
import { Endpoints as SapccEndpoints } from "@vsf-enterprise/sapcc-api";

const sdkConfig = {
  sapcc: buildModule(middlewareModule<SapccEndpoints>, {
    apiUrl: "http://localhost:8181/sapcc",
    cdnCacheBustingId: "",
  }),
};

export const sdk = initSDK(sdkConfig);
```

:::info
We will skip the `cdnCacheBustingId` for now. This is used to invalidate the cache when the assets are updated. 
:::

And that's it! 

::info
You can find complete implementation in the [`install-sdk` branch](https://github.com/vuestorefront-community/alokai-rn-guide/tree/install-sdk)
::

## Summary

> You have successfully configured the Alokai SDK. Now let's use it in our React Native application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have successfully configured the Alokai SDK. Now, let's use it in our React Native application.
```
